This utility presumes that you have successfully installed CUTEst (with Matlab)
on your computer.  Instructions on how to do that are not provided here.  In
particular, this utility presumes that these tools have been installed on macOS
such that you have a

cutest2matlab_osx

executable available on your computer.  If you have installed CUTEst (with 
Matlab) on Windows or Linux, then this utility might be useful with some
modification, but instructions on how to do that are not provided here.

The following steps can be used to decode a set of CUTEst problems, separate
the list of decoded problems into lists depending on the type of constraints
that each problem involves, and run a solver to solve a set of problems.

1) In the directory with this README file, create a file called

list_all.txt

that contains the list of all CUTEst problems that you want to decode.  The
file should contain the name of one problem per line and nothing else.  This
can be created using CUTEst's select tool.  (If you have installed CUTEst
using Homebrew, then the select tool executable may be available in

/usr/local/opt/sifdecode/bin

or wherever you have installed the sifdecode tools.)

2) In the directory with this README file, run

./decode.sh

from a terminal.  This will create a main 'decoded' directory along with
subdirectories for each problem that is decoded.  NOTE: It is possible that
errors will occur as one of the problems is decoded, or the decoding may 'hang'
if a problem is too large for your computer.  In this case, you may need to
quit the decoder (using Ctrl-c) and start it again.  To avoid unnecessarily
decoding a problem that has already been decoded, manipulate the list of problems
being decoded as you go through decoding the entire list.) This may take hours!

3) In the directory with this README file, open the file named

checkConstraintsType.m

in an editor.  You will need to edit this file to refer to directory names
that are specific for your computer, and if you want to sort the list of problems
in another manner than the one given in the file by default.  (As written,
the file distinguishes problems as unconstrained, equality constrained, or
generally constrained, where the last category includes any problem that is
not unconstrained or has equality constraints only.)  Save the file.

4) In the directory with this README file, create a file called

list_decoded.txt

that contains the list of all CUTEst problems that you want to sort by constraint
type.  This file should contain the name of one problem per line and nothing else.

5) In the directory with this README file, open the file named

check.sh

in an editor.  You will need to edit this file to refer to your Matlab executable.

6) In the directory with this README file, run

./check.sh

from a terminal.  This will create and append to the lists of problems that
are specified in the aforementioned checkConstraintsType.m file.  NOTE: If
any errors occur during this process and you need to re-run this script,
then remember to delete the list files before re-running the script.  This
is because the problem names are *appended* to whatever lists already exist.

7) Move the files

solveCUTEstProblem.m and
solve.sh

to whatever directory you want to use for running and collecting the results
from your experiment.  Let us call this your experiment directory.  In your
experiment directory, open the file named

solveCUTEstProblem.m

in an editor.  You will need to edit this file to refer to directory names
that are specific for your computer, and to set up the algorithms that you
want to run for your experiment.  (As written, the file presumes that your
experiment directory is the same as the one that contains this README file
and that two instances of the 'StochasticSQP' solver are to be run.)

8) In your experiment directory, create files called

list_solve.txt and
list_algorithms.txt

that contain the list of all CUTEst problems that you want to solve for
your experiments (which may may be a copy of one of the files produced by the
check.sh script) and the list of names of algorithms you want to run, respectively.

9) In your experiment directory, open the file named

solve.sh

in an editor.  You will need to edit this file to refer to your Matlab executable.

10) In your experiment directory, run

./solve.sh

from a terminal.  This will create an output directory that will collect the
output from your experiments.
